hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 13
[Music]
so today is the day that I am leaving
University to go home to Christmas I'm
so excited about so I've been packing
this morning and also just cleaning
because even though it's not entirely
clean yet as you can see I've still got
some things to go so here you can see me
packing everything up this was a clip
from a little bit earlier and basically
all that I did was just put everything
that I wanted to bring home on either
the floor or on my bed and then I just
packed it into my multiple bags I'm
catching the train but I put a lot of
luggage so I've got this case this
canvas bag my rucksack and then this bag
and I was gonna bring this folder too
but instead I'm just gonna take they're
kind of maybe three weeks worth of notes
I haven't written up for one of my
modules so I'm just gonna bring those
notes with me don't think I can carry
this massive folder too and I don't need
all of the work in there because I don't
really refer to paper notes I did the
washing up and then these are all of the
plates that I used and then this is from
breakfast because I had a couscous salad
since I had lots of vegetables to use up
so I have that for breakfast I always
need a Hoover and tidy my desk this is a
complete state I'll put you on another
time lapse it's gonna say I should
probably write the Christmas cards for
my lecturers now I'm writing a Christmas
card for each of my peers because well I
always did it at school but obviously at
school I also gave my teacher a present
but I really like Christmas cards and I
think when I receive a Christmas card
for example I received this really
lovely one from Rachel yesterday and
when I receive a Christmas card sorry it
just makes me really happy so I like to
write them too my mom's just telling me
all of our plans for Christmas so that I
can put stuff in my planner
[Music]
okay so it's currently one nearly one so
I'm gonna head off for my lecture scene
and I'm going to leave in about 15
minutes so I'm just gonna sit down and
read some of this book I haven't
actually done any new work because I've
kind of just planned for everything to
be done when I get home now even though
I feel like I should just I should have
done work this morning clean pretty much
now I need to take out the rubbish which
I do not want to leave here and then I
[Music]
okay i'm literally only away for three
weeks and I've brought so much stuff so
it's 4:30 and I got a lucky opportunity
for in a half an hour and then I'm
pretty much going straight to the
station yeah I suppose Lee where's my
camera but obviously I'm filming with it
[Music]